[ENH] Update instructions for setting up a graph (#59)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/infrastructure.md

### Set the environment variables
Create a `.env` file in the root of the repository to house the environment variables used by the API-graph network.

!!! tip 

>     The `neurobagel/api` repo contains a [`.template-env`](https://github.com/neurobagel/api/blob/main/.template-env) file that you can copy and edit directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `neurobagel/api` repo contains a [`.template-env`](https://github.com/neurobagel/api/blob/main/.template-env) to get you started. Copy and rename this file to `.env` and then edit it as needed.
```
I think this is essential enough to move into the plaintext (i.e. not just in the tip box).
